Update bundling.md (#12593)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/bundling.md

## Disable bundling

{{<Aside type="warning">}}
Disabling bundling is not recommended in most scenarios. Use this option only when deploying code pre-processed by other tooling.
{{</Aside>}}

If your build tooling already produces build artifacts suitable for direct deployment to Cloudflare, you can opt out of bundling by using the `--no-bundle` command line flag: `npx wrangler deploy --no-bundle`. If you opt out of bundling, Wrangler will not process your code and some features introduced by Wrangler bundling (for example minification, and polyfills injection) will not be available.

> You can use [Custom Builds](/workers/wrangler/custom-builds/) to customize what Wrangler will bundle and upload to the Cloudflare global network when you use `wrangler dev` and `npx wrangler deploy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Custom Builds](/workers/wrangler/custom-builds/) to customize what Wrangler will bundle and upload to the Cloudflare global network when you use [`wrangler dev`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev) and [`wrangler deploy`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#deploy).
```
